Hello, 

We noticed this is your first app submission and want to congratulate you on joining the Apple Developer Program. We look forward to working together on your submissions.

When App Review identifies an issue with a submission, we’ll contact you with a message in App Store Connect with details about what we found and how to resolve the issue. Learn more about App Review and tips for a smooth review experience. 

See below for additional information about the issues that require your attention for this submission. If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment

Submission ID: caaa786b-0b97-43a6-aff7-e743cf0d05f3
Review date: April 22, 2026
Review Device: iPhone 17 Pro Max and iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0

Guideline 5.1.2(i) - Legal - Privacy - Data Use and Sharing


Issue Description

The app privacy information provided in App Store Connect indicates the app collects data in order to track the user, including Name. However, the app does not use App Tracking Transparency to request the user's permission before tracking their activity.

Apps need to receive the user’s permission through the AppTrackingTransparency framework before collecting data used to track them. This requirement protects the privacy of users.

Next Steps

Here are three ways to resolve this issue:

- If the app does not currently track, update the app privacy information in App Store Connect. You must have the Account Holder or Admin role to update app privacy information. If you are unable to change the privacy label, reply to this message in App Store Connect, and make sure your App Privacy Information in App Store Connect is up to date before submitting your next update for review.

- If this app does not track on the platform associated with this submission, but tracks on other platforms, notify App Review by replying to the rejection in App Store Connect. You should also reply if this app does not track on the platform associated with this submission but tracks on other Apple platforms this app is available on.

- If the app tracks users on all supported platforms, the app must use App Tracking Transparency to request permission before collecting data used to track. When resubmitting, indicate in the Review Notes where the permission request is located.

Note that if the app behaves differently in different countries or regions, you should provide a way for App Review to review these variations in the app submission. Additionally, these differences should be documented in the Review Notes section of App Store Connect.

Resources

- Tracking is linking data collected from the app with third-party data for advertising purposes, or sharing the collected data with a data broker. Learn more about tracking. 
- See Frequently Asked Questions about the requirements for apps that track users.
- Learn more about designing appropriate permission requests.
Guideline 2.1(a) - Performance - App Completeness

Issue Description

The app exhibited one or more bugs that would negatively impact users.

Bug description: 

-The error message displayed indicated that it was unable to create an account.

Review device details:

- Device type: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) 
- OS version: iPadOS 26.4.1
- Internet Connection: Active

Next Steps

Test the app on supported devices to identify and resolve bugs and stability issues before submitting for review.

If the bug cannot be reproduced, try the following:

- For new apps, uninstall all previous versions of the app from a device, then install and follow the steps to reproduce.
- For app updates, install the new version as an update to the previous version, then follow the steps to reproduce.

Note that users expect apps they download to function on all the devices where they are available. For example, apps that may be downloaded onto iPad devices should function as expected for iPad users. 

Resources

- For information about testing apps and preparing them for review, see Testing a Release Build.
- To learn about troubleshooting networking issues, see Networking Overview.


Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed


We were unable to sign in with the following demo account credentials you provided in App Store Connect:

User name: admin@gmail.com
Password: admin123

We were unable to sign in with demo account.

To avoid delays, it is essential to provide access to the app's full features and functionality with every submission.

Next Steps

Provide the username and password for a valid demo account in App Store Connect that provides full access to the app's features and functionality or include a demonstration mode that shows all of the features and functionality available in the app. Note that we cannot use a demo video showing the app in use to continue the review.
